Support multipart/form-data to apply schema diffs (#18321)
directus/directus: .changeset/sharp-suits-think.md

---
'@directus/specs': minor
'tests-blackbox': minor
'docs': minor
'@directus/api': minor
---

> Support multipart/form-data to apply schema diffs

Reviewer: We opted to compose changesets in past tense:
```suggestion
Added support for the `multipart/form-data` content type in the `/schema/apply` endpoint
```

Author: oh I see!
